So now let's go ahead and put together this structure here, so we have at the top here where the question
will be, and then we have these radio buttons here, but these radio buttons are going to be up to
four of them.
So we are going to dynamically create them as the questions come in.
All right.
So right after our dotted line, we're going to put a column here and it's of this column.
I'm first going to add a text to this text is going to be, for instance, our tax here.
We're going to add something like.
What's the meaning of all this?
OK.
A little bit too philosophical, but it's OK.
All right, so let's go ahead and make it or add some sort of style, let's say font size.
At this point, I want to be about 17 XP and font weight.
One needs to be bold.
And line height, this tax, I'm going to be 22, that speed like that, OK?
So that is something that would look like.
There is let's see, right there we go.
Looks like that, not exactly what the color is off.
That means you have to change the color.
So I'm going to say color.
Collars and off white like this.
OK, that looks really nice.
And of course, we know that the immediate argument we can pass here is a modifier, so we're going
to pass a modifier.
I'm going to have padding of about 60 60p and then alignment, I want to align this text.
I'm going to pass alignment.
I say alignment as such alignment, Android X when I say start, so I want this to say start from the
right, that's good and I want Phil Max height, but I don't want this to be all bad, but we don't
want this text to take up the entire space we have here.
So the great thing about if you look at Phil Max height of Phil Max with if you have an over, you will
see that we can pass the fraction float here.
This is really great because if you look at params, his fraction is the fraction of the maximum high
to use between zero and one inclusive.
That means if I pass something like this, I want this p zero point three fraction of the entire height,
right?
What we're really doing here is that we want about 30 percent of the height of the entire screen, right?
When we say field max height, so this is what we are going to have.
This is the space we're going to allow for the question text because remember this question?
Text here could be very well, very small.
That's going refresh again.
Thanks.
You can see the question could be very small.
Not a lot of well, actually, this has a lot of text and others are very small.
Like this first one here, so we won't accommodate that.
I want to make sure that if indeed the question has a lot of text than we are, we were able then to
accommodate that as well.
So right, immediate to that, that means we have our text.
Then we're going to have this space for the text.
Depending on how large the tax is, it's going to be accommodated.
But right after that, we're going to have the section where we're going to have these radio buttons.
Like I said before, the concept here is different in that we are not going to hard code the answers
or in this case, the amount of buttons or radio buttons.
Because if you look at the answers the most they can have, the choices I should say, most we can have
or for.
But in case they will have false or true, we have just two choices, right?
So what we what do we need to do is for each question as we receive it, we want to try this radio button
on the fly to navigate.
So if it goes and gets this one, this question, for instance, this object is going to go ahead and
say, OK, choices is just two.
So we're going to draw, as you see here, only two of these buttons.
If, on the other hand, we have a question such as this and they have four choices, then we have to
draw four choices.
Also adding all of these choices there after a text here, I'm going to say choices.
We have to look through the choices, array or list and get the number and then draw.
The correct number of choices we have.
So what do we need to do in our question?
I display here, we need to pass a few parameters.
First, one is going to be the question items going to say question item such that we're going to have
some issues here with our preview.
No problem.
I'm going just to get rid of that for now.
And then I'm going to pass here a question.
Let's go ahead and import to that.
Of course, the question item and then I'm going to pass here Question Index, which we will look at
in a bit.
So question.
Index.
It's going to be mutable.
State passive int type.
OK.
And then of course, we're going to pass the view model, which is going to be a question for your model.
And then we're going to have the honor next clicked because we wanted to be able to see that, OK,
when this is clicked, we're in a pass.
The value of the question that was was just clicked.
So in this case, here, we're going to be passing the actual question item when we hit this question
display because we want to be able to get that question, which is going to be this object, which is
going to have question answer and the choices.
So we have that object.
So now we have to go and look through these choices so that we can decide what to draw on the screen,
right?
Two or four rate of buttons.
So the question here is what drives everything, which means then we need some sort of state because
remember, if I want to be able to dynamically draw those choices, I need to have some sort of state
to draw these screen whenever it needs to be tried.
Meaning if there's two, then we are going to try to, if there's four going to draw four.
So that just tells us we need some sort of state.
So right here.
Choices say choices such state.
That's fine.
I'm going to use the remember because we need to be trying something.
So remember will allow the recomposition really.
And when say a question actually for our choices state here, I need to pass a value to compute, which
is going to be our question object that we're going to be passing this question item there, right?
So inside here and when to say question item in this case, guide choices, choices as such.
And I'm going to say to mutable list because remember, this is indeed a list we want to make it a mutable
list.
So we can work with very good, so now that we have this choice choices state, we can look through
it, which means right here, I'm going to say it's follow, I'm going to say choices, choices state
at such the for each and I want the for each index because I need the index for each item that I'm getting.
We'll see later why.
So I have the index and then I have the actual item.
So I'm going to say answer text can call whatever you want, but that works.
And then here is where I'm going to create a row in this case and will create this row for these buttons
here.
So let's pass a modifier.
Padding modifier that padding about three deep and then once they fill Max with.
Then I'm going to give her height.
Oops!
It's going to be after the error
of about 45 dpi.
And while I'm here, I'm going to give a broader right because I want to create this structure, this
nice border there.
I see the border.
I'm going to pass the width of this border about four deep and I'm going to pass a brush object there
to our own so that we can actually create a nice linear gradient here.
I'm going to say brush.
Linear, they say brush that linear.
Gradient as such, and so for our gradient here, I'm going to pass colors, highlights a list like
this.
And there's a list of in, let's say, app colors that aim off dark purple and then app colors and of.
Dark purple again.
OK, so what I'm doing here, I'm just going to create the same gradient using the same color, that's
why you have something like this.
So they sent me a line, right?
And then I'm going to add a shape, just get rounded.
Going to use a rounded corners shape and pass about 15 deep and then what I want to do, I want to clip.
With a rounded corners shape such and I'm going to say top and percentage, top start percentage.
I'm going to give 50 percent and top end percentage, also 50 percent and bottom and.
Percentage, the same bottom start percentage.
Yes, you guessed it the same, but as it is right now, we would have this nice round user interface
there.
However, it would all be covered in the same with the same color or want to do instead.
We want to make the background transparent, but only show.
Of course, this this brush that we added there.
Write this with this stroke there.
So it said over a clip, we finished our clip right about there.
You can see because this to this is now highlighted.
I'm going to say enter dot and I'm going to say background color when I make colored or transparent
as such.
OK, so we're making good progress.
But in the next video, we are going to continue here and hopefully by the end, we're going to see
something like this at least.